Remove Travis CI (#502)
nf-core/tools: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.9dev

### Continuous integration

* Travis CI tests are now deprecated within the pipeline template. Please switch to GitHub Actions.

>   * `nf-core lint` and `nf-core bump-version` support has been removed for `.travis.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `nf-core bump-version` support has been removed for `.travis.yml`
  * `nf-core lint` now fails if a `.travis.yml` file is found
```

Author: See https://github.com/nf-core/tools/pull/502/commits/436e68c77d4eb6332e3d51dbef07ffe8c8a36a62
